today we will deal with you investor
repair and investor general approach to
the division of apartments in the studio base
principle in real estate investing
especially in small cheap segments
and not only
this division of big on little let's
Let us analyze an example let's say you bought
apartment odnushku there 36 meters
that's how the object we are going to
in the suburbs about 20 kilometers from
screams if you pass it there just as
there is then it can be set for 22 23 thousand
rubles approximately
and imagine that we assume
mortgage 25 thousand rubles we bought in
loan with a minimum down payment on
10 15 20 percent what we get
renting this apartment we will be in the red
unprofitable and most people are
believe that investments are unprofitable because
that you will pay more on the mortgage
what do you pay tenants but if we
come to this question differently if
we take this little odnushku and
we will break into two small
studios so man can there
live a full life that is, and it's a little
apartment yes there she is 17 meters only
but we rent it already cheaper we rent for
seventeen eighteen thousand rubles and
rocket such studios brings already 35
thousand rubles and now the picture is changing
without them out of 35 25 we pay by
mortgage and 10,000 remains us passive
cash flow
so we came to the apartment which
split into two studio apartments in one
studios we are with you
he is the node itself here is the entrance to the main
a door
All together, all repairs took us 17 days
investor repair is done quickly our
the main task is to do it as much as possible
quickly because we pay the mortgage if
but also accordingly if not quickly
we occupy the tenants do not do repairs then
us more and more on the cat and
accumulates a loss so you need it
do fast but still
quality enough beautiful
the timing was tight enough
but we managed 17 days even I would
said 16 today and consider here
the front door from here go
respectively here is a small corridor and
hence the division of one studio
and 2 studio let's see this
studios done we always minimize
non-residential premises therefore corridor
premises but the minimum here is such
here's a cool wardrobe sofa tongues sofa
which turns into a bed one more
such a decision space on this such
tables
sold in ikea that is a folding table
a table that immediately saves us a lot
places and allows on the one hand if
need to make a table if you do not need it
and back it turned you like this
shelf and space again
freed and the most frequently asked
the question is how to make a second bathroom
2 bathrooms in one apartment
Enough non standard process for
it was necessary to buy a certain
equipment where we have a pump to
which pumps directly all the water
and does not say so clogged riser
here's a classic bathroom
let's try to climb it all
two square meters that is two meters
here so here and one method wide
investor bathroom is done by
the minimization principle is again not alive
space kitchen block all this one
the thing is
90 centimeters kitchen unit
respectively, immediately he goes here
lockers here below and
and a pair of chopsticks we are in the first
studios respectively here is the main
riser here go pipe cold hot
water sewage and second studio need
all end up here like this how it goes
now if we see you see such
tracks in which are hidden actually
all pipes and how fun pipe such those
who bring cold hot water
they are hidden like this and walk along
apartments here these pipes fit there
here they come already here in the second
kitchen unit actually go further
the bathroom here is the ventilation that is which
makes the hood out of this bathroom in
the main
that's exactly the same in the second studio made
put such a sofa language and folding
beautiful picture that bonus to us
you painted the main builder yuri in
This studio table is the most common made
Ie ordinary table bought in this
your mibura merlin bc and fridge too
investors ska and the solution is that
most people have huge refrigerators
not so necessary for people this is more
degree this apartment is a place where not
Comes sleep also here is investor
the solution is such a locker
that is, which again goes
tremendous saving wall here this
the wall it divides itself 2 studios
that is, on this side, I am 110 different
they are made of drywall with
sound insulation inside and glass wool 0 plus
some additional materials
As a rule, the problem of such studios of course
depends on the location here is extremely
important factor is proximity to
transport if we are talking about
near Moscow to close
there was a railway station to
you could quickly get to the place
work and if we choose a place
successfully choose a place then we like
rule such studios surrender very
fast that is for literally
a few days one week we settle
completely then both studios and in this
case in this particular example if
would this apartment give up completely like
odnushka it would be about 21 22 thousand
per month in this case she gives up
seventeen eighteen thousand each
studios difference
count that is, there are 20 2035 probably you
agree that the difference is very, very
significant repeat the main principle
which you must understand that when we
hand over a lot of advantages then we divide
big on small first tenants for us
pays the mortgage the mortgage is extinguished that is
the apartment is increasingly moving into ours
the property is essentially the third is that
we constantly increase our cash flow
stretched up because we index
together with the rent the apartment itself
going up in price
and with it we still have a passive
cash flow in a small object this
maybe ten thousand rubles
as in the example of this apartment but the same
the most can be made a big object
for example with our townhouse which
divided into 10 studios there is already cash
stream of about two hundred thousand rubles
which of course is much more interesting but also
costs naturally more
and this format is fast in this case
the apartment was bought in a new building she
I gave up 17 days ago she gave up I
got your hands on the keys immediately the next
the day we notice with the builders passes
two and a half weeks all repairs
fully ready we populate people